[intense music playing]
[Dark Schneider]
For the last time, I'm gonna kill you,
no matter what it takes!
I'm gonna kill you.
Even if you come back to life,
I'll just kill you again.
I'm gonna kill you in your former life,
and I'll kill you in your afterlife.
I'm not even gonna give you the chance
to beg for mercy.
This time I'm gonna kill you for good!
We've heard this before.
Are you sure you can do it?
Yes, I am.
You will fail again.
No, not this time.
[Abigail cackling]
In the condition you're in?
Half your body is gone,
and your magic is gone too.
Just how are you going
to find the strength to kill me, I wonder.
You're got our attention.
Please explain to us all
what your plan is.
[Gara] Dark Schneider,
you should stop this now.
With your body like that, you can't.
There's no way you can win.
You're going to die for real this time!
-[Yoko] Fight!
-[Dark Schneider gasping]
Crush Abigail
like the piece of trash he is!
Show no mercy, Lucien!
That's what I'm gonna do.
Show no mercy.
I'll choose her instead.
Look. Fire spirits
are forming around Dark Schneider.
That's impossible!
Good, Jesus!
I thought you dealt with ghosts,
but now you're asking God for help?
[Abigail gasping]
[Dark Schneider] You asked me
how I was planning to kill you.
Well, I'm not really in the mood
for conversation.
So, I'll just show you.
Like this!
No! How is this possible?
I thought you'd blown out
all of your magic by now.
How come you're still wielding
so much power?
[gasping] Could it be?
Is it because of the God of Destruction?
[Anthrasax screeching]
[Kall-Su] Anthrasax is howling.
The gods are not happy
with what is happening.
What could these screams mean?
But what if
these are not actually screams at all?
Maybe the God of Destruction
is resonating with something.
[opening theme song playing]
♪ Save the pain for another day ♪
♪ Say you understand, swear to look away ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn’t real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow and comprehend ♪
♪ Don’t you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ The less you think, the more you win ♪
♪ The less you give, the more you get ♪
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
♪ It’s all out of control ♪
♪ Out of control ♪
♪ Nothing will save us anymore ♪
♪ Standing at the gates of hell
Still wanting more, more, more ♪
♪ Bloody, power, and fame ♪
♪ But all we want
Is bloody, power, and fame ♪
[song fades]
[ominous music playing]
[Abigail] You ripped out your own heart
and sacrificed your life
in order to lift the curse
from Arshes Nei, the Empress of Thunder,
[Arshes grunting]
How were you able to come back to life
when you seemed on the brink of death?
Well,
it's because as the God of Destruction,
Anthrasax awakened,
it gave off evil waves,
and they affected your powers.
Anthrasax has a strong effect
over anyone who has ties to the darkness.
And the person
who Anthrasax has the strongest effect on
is the person
who once ruled over the darkness.
The man who was known as a demon.
Dark Schneider, it was you.
As the God of Destruction's seals
begin to be released,
you, Dark Schneider,
are going to grow in strength.
The moment the final seal,
in possession of Sheila Tuel Meta-llicana,
the princess
of the Kingdom of Meta-llicana, is broken,
you will obtain
a tremendous amount of power.
I would have enjoyed watching you
if we were all back in time 15 years ago,
however, for better or worse,
circumstances have changed.
The Four Divine Kings no longer serve
the wizard, Dark Schneider,
as they once did.
You are now an enemy
of the Dark Rebel Army.
Why is that, when it happened
during the Golem War 15 years ago?
During a battle between you
and Prince Lars Ul Meta-llicana,
one of the Five Knights,
you both attacked each other
at the same time.
You tried to use the secret art
of reincarnation on yourself
right before you died.
However, Geo Noto Soto,
one of the Five Knights,
sealed your soul away
inside a boy named Lucien Renlen.
The seal was broken,
and you were able to come back to life.
But sadly, you had changed
in those 15 years.
Indeed.
Back then, you had earned the reputation
as evil incarnate,
but no more!
Lucien Renlen
has put a human heart inside you.
Love.
Fate has played another cruel trick--
-[Dark Schneider] I've heard enough!
-[Abigail screaming]
You talk way too much
for someone who's supposed to be so evil.
Listen here, dickhead.
The only thing
you need to do now is stand there
and let the cruel, invincible,
handsome hero exterminate you!
-So pay attention.
-[Abigail groaning]
You're about to see
the most terrifying show you'll ever see,
and it's starring me,
and written by me, and it's showtime!
[Abigail groaning]
I practiced that speech
and it was going really well.
You're still a rude, little prick!
Shut up.
-[Abigail] Dark Schneider--
-I said shut up!
I see no reason to continue this--
I said shut up, you penis wrinkle!
[Abigail gasping, seething]
-Darsh!
-Lucien!
[Sean gasping]
[all groaning]
[Head Priest gasping] He's dead!
For a man who talked so big,
how could he die so easily?
[Sheila gasping] Dark Schneider…
[Sean shuddering]
[Sean gasping]
-[intense music playing]
-Dark Schneider.
How did you…?
You're still talking.
[Abigail gasping]
You just don't get it, do you?
I told you to shut up,
but you go right ahead and disobey me.
Okay. If that's how you want it,
then it's time to destroy you!
Kaizard, alzard.
Kiske, hansen, grosskopf, sielck…
He'll need so much power.
He won't have enough.
No! I won't let you cast that spell!
[Efreet] Nay!
I will not allow you
to disturb my master, ghost summoner!
[Abigail] Efreet?
Hellion!
Now!
Turn to ash, wise men of Hades, all.
Hold fast the seven keys.
Swing wide the gates of hell!
Helloween!
It's even more powerful than
the Helloween spell he used to fight you!
[Arshes] Oh, Darsh.
You're just so incredible.
[Abigail scoffing] That has no effect.
Ghost knights, rise up!
Merge together. Merge! Merge!
-[Abigail cackling]
-[undead groaning]
Are you watching?
My Ghost Knight army is rejuvenating.
Soon it will be stronger
than the offensive power
of your faltering Helloween spell.
Brain dead, brain dead, brain dead…
[Abigail cackling] The radiation from
the Helloween spell will die out soon.
Then, so will you.
Obey the contract of blood,
from the land of Abaddon, and come forth.
Gehenna's fire, explode in flame,
and in its sum, incinerate All!
Exodus!
What? How did…?
He's casting the Helloween spell…
But he's saying the Exodus spell
at the same time!
Lucien, you got this!
["Bloody Power Fame" by Coldrain playing]
For starters,
let's get rid of this old boner!
Wait!
What are you doing to my creation?
♪ Don't you dare go asking any questions ♪
♪ What you feel isn't real ♪
♪ Dry your tears, learn to pretend ♪
♪ Never take a stand, bow an comprehend ♪
[Abigail groaning]
Now it's time to deal with you.
[Abigail] No! Stay back!
Tafolla!
[Abigail grunting]
[Dark Schneider] What's wrong?
Do I have to ask you nicely?
Stay back.
♪ Bloody, power, fame ♪
-♪ It's all out of control ♪
-[Abigail grunting]
I said stay back!
Just one last time.
[Abigail shuddering]
I told you please shut your face!
[both grunting]
[Yoko exclaiming]
Wow. He's killing it.
There he is.
Darsh.
The legendary wizard.
[priests exclaiming]
[Head Priest] Go, Dark Schneider!
[priest] Do it! Finish off Abigail!
[both grunting]
[Abigail] Dark Schneider, you're so naive.
You should have used your remaining magic
to deliver the last blow.
[Abigail cackling]
Keep punching me as much as you want.
I brought the Satan Ring with me
when I escaped Omega.
The tissue cells
from the God of Destruction
will finish charging it
with energy any moment now.
And when that happens,
you shall meet your end.
Every experienced warrior knows
you must save your trump card for last.
Get ready to be sucked up into a
vortex of super-gravity again!
[Dark Schneider grunting]
[Abigail groaning]
[Abigail] Here it comes.
Energy charged 120%!
Ian's cave of gloom, release your power!
-[Abigail exclaiming]
-[Dark Schneider roaring]
[Abigail grunting]
[Abigail screaming]
♪ All we want is bloody, power, and fame ♪
That's goodbye.
I told you I'd kill you this time.
[song fades]
-[priests cheering]
-[man] Thank goodness!
[Head Priest] He defeated Abigail!
[priest] Very impressive, Dark Schneider!
He did it.
Abigail is defeated.
I always had faith in you.
Your Highness.
[King grunting]
As for the God of Destruction,
Sheila and the seal will now be safe.
[Sheila sighing]
[Sheila] It's all thanks
to you, Dark Schneider.
[Dark Schneider grunting, groaning]
Dark Schneider, what's happening to you?
His magic's fading!
Lucien!
Dark Schneider, no!
[Yoko panting]
Lucien, tell me you're okay!
You've got to hang on.
Lucien!
[somber music playing]
-[Dark Schneider groaning]
-[Yoko gasping]
[Dark Schneider] Y-Yoko…
Lucien.
I've got one last thing
I want to tell you.
[Yoko] Don't say that! It's not the last!
I… I love you.
[Yoko gasping]
I love you
and Lucien Renlen.
We both will love you,
Tia Noto Yoko.
Forever.
No. Please, no.
Open your eyes.
Lucien, open your eyes!
[crying] You can't die! This isn't fair!
Lucien!
No. It can't be.
No!
You can't die!
Darsh, no!
[Sean gasping, crying]
We need you, Dark Schneider.
Lucien! Lucien!
I know you're hurt,
but you can't just die!
You just can't!
You can't! I won't let you!
Lucien.
Huh?
[music fades]
[Dark Schneider moaning gleefully]
[Yoko gasping]
[Yoko seething]
[Dark Schneider] Come on!
What in the hell
do you think you're doing?
What's the big deal?
After everything I've been through,
I deserve some kind of reward.
[Yoko] There's a time and place for that!
[Dark Schneider]
I can do it, just not here?
[Yoko] No means no! Absolutely not!
But you said I could take your virginity!
-[Yoko] I did not!
-You did too!
You said it, and everybody heard it!
I would never say anything like that!
[Dark Schneider groaning]
[Yoko] I can't believe you.
You're a filthy liar!
But I still love you.
[Dark Schneider groaning]
You're horny, stupid, and cruel.
You're good-for-nothing.
But you're also a…
You're an invincible…
Invincible wizard, right?
[both gasping]
[ominous hard rock music playing]
[Yoko] Uh, Abigail?
You're freaking kidding!
No wonder they call you
a legendary wizard.
But, apparently you didn't have
enough magic left to complete the job.
Damn! This asshole never quits.
Checkmate.
You don't have any moves left
for a counterattack.
[Yoko grunting]
Very well, pretty one.
If you want to go down
with Dark Schneider,
I can make arrangements
to send you both to hell.
Yoko, don't!
[Yoko] The spot where he's standing
is going to collapse.
Hmm.
Yoko, please stop!
[all gasping]
Yoko, no!
[Gara] Don't do this!
[Yoko] Lucien, this is for you.
-I…
-Yoko!
[Yoko grunting]
[Abigail screaming]
[Yoko] I always loved you.
What? No!
Yoko, come back!
Yoko!
[dramatic music playing]
[Yoko] I…
You…
[Abigail] This can't be!
No!
[Abigail screaming]
[choir vocalizing]
[otherworldly groaning, roaring]
DARKNESS
It's daytime, but the sky is as dark
as the middle of the night.
Hey, look! The castle's on fire!
[villagers shuddering]
-[man] No!
-[man 2] Is this the end of the world?
[man 3] What's happening?
The castle's being destroyed!
[all gasping]
[Geo] Yoko!
[priests screaming]
[King groaning]
[Sheila groaning] Dark Schneider!
Darsh, hold on!
Darsh.
No!
[Gara] Dark Schneider, Nei, look out!
[Arshes] Gara…
[Gara chuckling]
[Lars exclaiming]
[soldiers shuddering]
[ninjas shuddering]
[both gasping]
[Baba] No! It's vanishing.
Everything, it's all vanishing!
[music fades]
[Dark Schneider grunting] Yoko.
[ending theme song playing]
[Dark Schneider] Well,
looks like I finally returned.
[Yoko speaking indistinctly]
-[Dark Schneider] No, thanks.
-[Yoko] You really are Lucien, then.
[Yoko and Dark Schneider
talking indistinctly]
-[Dark Schneider] Swear it!
-[Yoko] You are so damn…
-[Yoko] Don't worry about me!
-[Dark Schneider] I'd rather have her.
[Yoko gasping]
Yoko.
Lucien.
I wasn't sure what had happened,
but Meta-llicana Castle has fallen.
[man scoffing]
[man] Nothing can survive anymore
in this state.
Now that Abigail has died,
the powerful divine protection is gone.
The power of the chaos
is flowing through the passageway,
and is pouring out now.
The Dark Rebel Army has now been reduced
in size to our First Army,
the final remaining unit.
The Dark Rebel Army
has essentially been rendered as useless.
Well, fortunately the army's survival
is of little importance to Lord Kall-Su.
He has his sights set
on a grand and distant future.
The god is sleeping once again.
The God of Destruction was created
by the darkness of the ancient world.
Are these the dreams of madness,
or the dreams of death?
[song fades]
[dramatic music playing]
NEAR THE KINGDOM OF A-LAN-MAIDE BORDER
SECRET VILLAGE
SAMURAI RESIDENCE
[man] Meta-llicana Castle
has finally fallen.
So, Sheila Tuel Meta-llicana,
where is she?
She held the seal
to the God of Destruction.
The couriers report is uncertain.
Everyone
who was at Meta-llicana is missing.
Hmm. So does that mean
that the seal will be safe?
I wonder.
-[servant] Excuse me, sire.
-[Joshua] What is it?
[servant] We have an intruder.
An intruder this late at night?
Very odd.
This is a secret village.
Who would even know where to find it?
Good question.
Maybe it's a scout
from the Dark Rebel Army.
[Joshua gasping]
Help me, please!
[both gasping]
You're a samurai, right?
I beg you, you've got to save him.
You've got to save Lucien!